no one gets hurt
worse than her let's go shut the fuck up
come on in the back come on come on he's
right back come on Esther give me
everything you don't even think about it
get in there sit tight I'll handle the
plastic don't blow yourself up
pay attention em get these assholes in
the closet all right what's he doing you
he's gonna kill him here
leave us alone in the back come on all
set
phone it in I'm calling it
slow and steady tea slow and steady Oh
remember just the nonce equipment hahaha
there's enough here for us all to enjoy
depends on how you look at it we're done
here let's go
I saw your face I'll remember you get a
thousand things every day how about you
make sure this one no it's crazy
let's get going
they'll be time for grieving later damn
right
what are you doing place your cover I'm
setting the charges they're on a timer
so brace yourself
fuck hear that siren fuck the cops team
hit the shutter switch
get down
get out of the way or suffer the
consequence come on a guy
who called you out here that's forward
get out of here let's get out of here
Sophia's dumb as you look
we keep going forward
this down
fuck man thing is bull I got my share
it's still wide open
Kida fail
Oh keep to the car keys better be there
let's move come on let's go let's go
get your ass in here what took you so
long fuck up
that bitch is facing is the glass stick
see yeah you're real step
come on let's get to the chopper
we move quick we can beat the train
we're getting there
come away be cool
these made this Korea and I believe in
this bird when I guys honey shit
you guys alright come on fix the car all
right we can go this way to the chopper
no hey stick to the plan
watch blue stick to the fucking plan
come on
where the fuck's the chopper rats gonna
be fine
we gotta get this fuck oh gee you gotta
get out of here I'm gonna leave you my
key so I don't get a dar you doc doctor
fucking die all of you